Brother Beiping, don't blame Sister Qin.
He didn't mean to hit me
I thought he was a king
I didn't expect him to be a Qing brother
Boring
Of course I don't blame you.
He hit you?
Is not applicable
You should be glad that your hand is not bad.
more than
Brother private message sister
Shall we go to the volcano together?
You go.
I won't join in the fun
Don't go ok then let's go
Xixi, why are your hands so cold?
Mr. Zheng, thank you
Why don't you say it?
Do you have a wife?
Yes, but dare not say
Miss Si
If you tell me about the lady looking for you today
Tell Mr. Zhan
Your grandmother in Jiangbei is in danger
Do you have someone to protect you and your grandma?
Mr. Ye, I'll be busy first
thing